WRN-19246: WizardPanels: Allow preventDefault on onTransition to prevent spotlight to panel element (#1200)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

- `sandstone/Icon` public class name `icon`

### Fixed

> - `sandstone/WizardPanels` to allow preventDefault on `onTransition` and `onWillTransition` to prevent focus assignment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/WizardPanels` to provide a way to prevent focusing on Panel again by allowing preventDefault when `onTransition` and `onWillTransition`
```
